Operator docs covering ingress TLS options (#2145)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/configuring/con-virtualkafkacluster-tls-protocol.adoc

// file included in the following:
//
// kroxylicious-operator/assemblies/assembly-operator-secure-client-proxy-connection.adoc

[id='con-kafka-client-tls-protocol-{context}']
= TLS version configuration for client-to-proxy connections

include::../../snippets/snip-tls-protocol-versions.adoc[]

> This example configures a `VirtualKafkaCluster` to allow only kafka clients using TLS v1.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict which TLS protocol versions the proxy supports for client-to-proxy connections by configuring the `protocols` property.
```

> .Example `VirtualKafkaCluster` with restricted TLS protocol versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example `VirtualKafkaCluster` with restricted TLS protocol versions
```

[source,yaml]
----
kind: VirtualKafkaCluster
metadata:
  # ...
spec:
  # ...
  ingresses:
    - ingressRef:
        name: cluster-ip
      tls:
        certificateRef:
          # ...
        protocols: # <1>
          allow: # <2>
            - TLSv1.3
----

> <1> The `protocols` property configures the TLS protocol versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Configures the TLS protocol versions used by the proxy.
```

> <2> `allow` lists the versions of TLS which are permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Lists the protocol versions explicitly allowed for TLS negotiation.
```

> The `protocols` property also supports `deny`, if you prefer to list the versions to exclude instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use `deny` to specify protocol versions to exclude.
```
